# DISSERTATION
HOW ANALYTICS CAN INFLUENCE ECO FASHION PRODUCTION
The globalization of the fashion industry has led to the proliferation of fashion trends and low prices of clothing, which has increased consumer demand for fashion and led to unethical behavior in the fashion supply chain. As a result, there is an increasing demand for a sustainable fashion industry.

This study investigates how analytics can be used to support the fashion industry's sustainability initiative. A review of relevant literature was conducted, and the areas contributing to an unsustainable fashion industry were investigated. The study employs computational text analysis, specifically sentiments analysis, to better understand consumers' perceptions, influences, and motivations toward ethical and unethical fashion. This is achieved by comparing consumers' perceptions of the brand and its products on the review site Trust Pilot with the brand, with the brands' presentation on the social media and microblogging website Twitter. Six fashion brands were selected for this study and three of which were classified as ethical brands and three were classified as unethical fashion brands. The study revealed that Time, Quality, Style, Price, and Service were the most commonly used words for brands and consumers. The sentiment analysis reveals that consumers are not entirely interested in ethical fashion and brands are not doing enough to promote an ethical fashion.

The study concluded that brands are increasingly portraying an unethical fashion model, which entices consumers' interest and raises demand for unethical fashion, resulting in unethical activities throughout the fashion supply chain. The study suggests that consumer education and understanding of the unsustainability of an unethical fashion can be achieved by the presentation and display of more ethical content that is persuasive by brands.
